Add details for how to setup and build the documentation to the readme (#20)
laminas/documentation: README.md

# Documentation

This repository exists for the purpose of planning and organizing documentation
changes and milestones for the Laminas Project and related subproject, and to show how to setup and update the documentation locally.

## Setup

To prepare your local development environment to build the documentation locally, follow the steps below:

> 1. Install [Python 3](https://www.python.org/downloads/) and [PIP](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installing/)
> 2. Install the [Python PyMdown extension](https://facelessuser.github.io/pymdown-extensions/installation/#requirements)
> 3. [Install MkDocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/#installation) and all of its dependencies

Reviewer: A package manager should be used for the installation of Python and this is already included on mkdocs.org.

```suggestion
1. [Install MkDocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/#installation) and all of its dependencies (The installation description for MkDocs also includes the installation of Python.)
2. Install the [Python PyMdown extension](https://facelessuser.github.io/pymdown-extensions/installation/#installation_1)
```
